okay I'm originally from Sheboygan
Wisconsin and that happens to be ground
zero for bratwurst period I believe the
correct method for making brats is
genetically imprinted on my DNA so this
is not just my opinion it's science so
we start with the brats now there are
thousands of types some are good most
aren't first thing do not get precooked
brats you can find good ones if you're
lucky locally but Johnsonville brats are
available all over the US they're made
in Sheboygan and they're excellent
another thing is the roll a few bakeries
in the Sheboygan area make the perfect
hard roll these are not readily
available and an acceptable substitute
is a Kaiser bun
I suggest staying away from the white
bread Pam burger buns and those things
called brought buns because those are
just hot dog buns anyway if you can't
find a real hard roll go for the Kaiser
bun now to cook them charcoal is
recommended but a gas grill will do
whatever you do don't close the cover
you need the brats of course tongs a
squirt bottle and a beverage
remember this is man land so something
you do not need is your swallows
telling you how to do it so you want
your fire one coal deep not terribly hot
maybe six or eight inches below the
grate and on they go oh one thing do not
pre cook these in any way we don't boil
them first nothing they go raw right
onto the grill I mean you don't blow
your steak before you're thrown on the
grill do you because they're uncovered
you'll occasionally get a flare-up
that's what the squirt bottle is for
now these are looking good now this
one's not quite ready to turn with the
right fire we want to do about five
minutes per side all four sides about 20
minutes total let me tell you there is
nothing like the smell of broad smoke on
a summer afternoon when they're all nice
and dark brown they're ready to come off
and it's time for the next step okay now
we're going to simmer them in beer for a
little while now you don't need your
expensive micro brewery in port for this
just about anything will do you can also
put a little butter in here and some
people even cut up onions and put those
in too but remember we're going to
simmer not boil if you did this right
they're already cooked as I said earlier
hard rolls are hard to find but here's
what one looks like now we put a little
butter on the Roll and for me a slice
Iranian and it is ready to go
I guess ketchup and mustard and
sauerkraut are okay but I usually only
use that stuff at the company picnic
when they're making precooked using your
brats or something like that you know
just to cover up the taste oh and it's
also best to eat them outside if at all
possible
and there you have it
you